Explanation of Program Design:

'filedialog' is imported for the purpose of browsing the file from the computer
'messagebox' does the function of opening the dialog box when requested
'os' module is imported to deal with the directories of the machine


The first class 'Analysis', as the name implies, does the functioning of the requested 
entities to count them.
In the 'init' method everything is initialised and set ready for manipulation.
The 'mainFunctioning' method does the task of analysis/manipulation on the selected file.
First the file is selected, then the lines are separated by splitline(),
then each character is counted, white-space is counted, words are counted,
and the number of occurences of each word is counted. Python's Dictionary is used
to count the number of occurences of each word by using 'key' of Pyhton's Dictionary.
The File is opened in the 'try block', so as to ensure exception handling just in case
if the file fails to open and the message is displayed through the messagebox in except block.

The GUIAnalysis class contains all the GUI representational work as well as
creating the output file.
The 'init' method defines all the widgets in the GUI window for selecting file,
browsing file, starting the analysis, and exiting.
The 'callback' method is called to validate the data entered in entrybox.
The 'browseOpen' method is called when user clicks on Browse button. It describes the
functioning of the opening the current working directory and displaying just the text files
and opening the text files, and displaying the location o the file in the entrybox.
The 'beginProcess' starts the process of retreiving the entities from the 'Analysis'
class for the selected file. If the file is not selected and 'Start Analysis' button
is clicked then it will automatically browse the window to select the file to process. 'Analysis'
class's object is made for manipulaition on that class. Output file is created, and opened
in 'try-block' to write the calculated statistical entities retrieved from 'Analysis' class.
The 'outputDisplay' method is for displaying the calculated entities in the GUI window
through label. For it, the same name object of 'Analysis' Class is created.
The 'closeWindow' method is the exiting method to exit the GUI window when exit button
is clicked

The 'main()' creates the parent GUI window through 'root', assigns title to it, makes the 
window's size fixed, creates 'GUIAnalysis' class's object and makes window ready for
execution by mainloop().
Finally main() function set prepared to run first.